Add passwordAuthenticationmethod and resetPassword to V1 (#17299)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/api/longrunningoperation-get.md

---

> title: "Get authentication operation"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Get longRunningOperation"
```

> description: "Retrieve the properties and relationships of an operation object."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Retrieve the status of a long-running operation."
```

ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "mmcla"
ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

> # Get authentication operation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Get longRunningOperation
```

Namespace: microsoft.graph

> Retrieve the properties and relationships of an [operation](../resources/longrunningoperation.md) object. Currently these operations are generated by initiating a password reset using the [reset password](passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword.md) method. An operation object tells the caller about the current state of that password reset operation. Possible states include:
> 
> * NotStarted
> * Running
> * Succeeded
> * Failed
> 
> `Succeeded` and `Failed` are terminal states.

Reviewer: Proposed a few tweaks because this is a shared resource type
```suggestion
Retrieve the status of a long-running operation, represented by a [longRunningOperation](../resources/longrunningoperation.md) object. A long-running operation is initiated when you [reset a user's password](passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword.md). This resource type is also the base type for the richLongRunningOperation object that represents the status of a long-running operation on a [site](../resources/site.md) or a [list](../resources/list.md).

The possible states of the long-running operation are `notStarted`, `running`, `succeeded`, `failed`, `unknownFutureValue` where `succeeded` and `failed` are terminal states.
```

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

| Permission type                        | Permissions acting on self (from least to most privileged) | Permissions acting on others (from least to most privileged)|
|:---------------------------------------|:-------------------------|:-----------------|
| Delegated (work or school account)     | UserAuthenticationMethod.Read, UserAuthenticationMethod.Read.All, UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite, UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite.All | UserAuthenticationMethod.Read.All, UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite.All |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported. | Not supported. |
| Application                            | Not supported. | Not supported. |

For delegated scenarios where an admin is acting on another user, the admin needs one of the following [Azure AD roles](/azure/active-directory/users-groups-roles/directory-assign-admin-roles#available-roles):

> * Global administrator
> * Global reader
> * Privileged authentication administrator
> * Authentication administrator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Global Administrator
* Global Reader
* Privileged Authentication Administrator
* Authentication Administrator
```

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /users/{id | userPrincipalName}/authentication/operations/{id}
```

## Optional query parameters

This method does not support optional query parameters to customize the response.

## Request headers

| Name      |Description|
|:----------|:----------|
| Authorization | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

> If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and the requested [operation](../resources/longrunningoperation.md) object in the response body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and the requested [longRunningOperation](../resources/longrunningoperation.md) object in the response body.
```
